NR-355091 example for OTEL APM and NR infra host relationship (#717)
newrelic/newrelic-opentelemetry-examples: other-examples/collector/host-monitoring-nr-infra/README.md

> # Monitoring APM with OpenTelemetry Collector and Host monitoring Host with Newrelic infra agent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Monitor Host with New Relic infrastructure agent and correlate with OpenTelemetry APM services
```

Author: Updated.

> This example demonstrates Monitoring APM with OpenTelemetry Collector and monitoring hosts with the [Newrelic infra agent](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/infrastructure/infrastructure-agent/linux-installation/package-manager-install).

Reviewer: Hold off on changes to this while we work through other parts of the example, but the phrase "This example demonstrates Monitoring APM with OpenTelemetry Collector" isn't right. We've got an APM application monitored with the OpenTelemetry Java Agent, exporting data to an OpenTelemetry collector which is enriching the telemetry with contextual information about the ec2 environment its running in.

Additionally, it demonstrates correlating APM entities with hosts, using the Newrelic infra agent and OpenTelemetry Collector.

## Requirements

> * You need to have a Amazon Linux server with docker installed init.

Reviewer: We want an example demonstrating correlation between hosts monitored with the New Relic infrastructure agent, and OpenTelemetry APM service entities. The New Relic infrastructure agent behaves differently based on how its installed (i.e. docker vs. apt-get vs kubernetes) and based on the cloud environment its running in (i.e. local machine vs. gcp vs. aws vs. azure).

That's a lot of combinations we could potentially show. To keep maintenance burden down, we should pick one workflow which is most representative of what our customers might do, and probably which doesn't pick a winner for cloud environment (i.e. don't show preference for aws over gcp, azure, or vice versa). 

Then, in this one example, we should provide a list of notes summarizing things we know you'll need to pay attention to when adapting to other environments. @alanwest has been doing a lot of research into this and can provide guidance. 

I think we need to steer clear of running on any cloud VMs, since doing so greatly increases the friction to recreate the example and a lower probability of being able to catch issues in review.
